Add support for double, dashed, and dotted underlines (#17589)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/syntax.txt

	Note that "bold" can be used here and by using a bold font.  They
	have the same effect.

> 	"underlineline", "undercurl", "underdot", and "underdash" falls back
> 	to "underline" in a terminal that does not support it. The color is set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"underlineline", "undercurl", "underdot", and "underdash" fall back
	to "underline" in a terminal that does not support them. The color is set
```
